STUFF DAT MUST HAPPEN:
	Connect mechanics with tha GUI (Tyler/Leah)
	Battle mechanics (Leah)
	Battle AI (Jessica/Josh)
	Storyline (Jessica/Jeb)
	Data stuff (Max/Leah)
	Region Design (Jeb)
	Rendering all the things (Tyler)
	Graphics 'n stuff (Josh/Jeb)
	Save files (Jessica/Josh)
	Item things (Max)
	Eggs/Breeding
	LOTS OF UI DESIGN INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: BATTLE, POKEDEX, BAG, START MENU, POKEMON MENU, TRAINER CARD, YADA YADA YADA
	All dem UMLs (Jeb)
	Syrup (Leah/Max/Jessica/Josh/Jeb/Tyler)
	Route Traversal
	Event Triggers (Josh/Tyler)
	Story Integration
	OMG SHOPPING
	Focus Sash, wut up?
	Ziggurat Zubat Cave
	Puns (Leah/Max/Jessica/Josh/Jeb/Tyler)
	SHEDINJJJAAAAAAAA (Leah)
	Forcing a move (Leah/Tyler)
	Preserve dat bad poison (Leah)
	Failure Messages for moves (Leah)
	Strategy Guide (Leah)
	PC (Max)

OTHER THINGS
	TYLER - Switching Pokemon/Using an item needs to be able to send messages to the BattleView,
	right now you can do these things, but the health/status isn't updated, and there's no message
	saying that something happened. Also, we need small pokemonTiles.

	The player should turn in the direction you press, even if the tile is not passable.
	Can triggers take into account orientation (i.e. only trigger the water dialog when the user is facing the water)?

Am I allowed to edit this to? (Josh) - YES
MAP TILES
	Tyler - I have not seen the map editor yet, but when I was suggesting having multiple
	grass tiles, the editor should be the one to pick at random which tile to use. Also, going
	with your idea of having a two layered tile set, the only thing I can think of that would
	go on the background set would be grass tiles. Unless someone else comes up with another
	tile that would go in the background set, you could just render the default grass tile for
	the map in all locations and then draw the map as usual. Then again, to avoid all of the
	unnecessary rendering, I could just get Jeb to add grass tiles to the bottom of all tree tiles.

Storyline:
	Professor Maple is no longer introduced except for through the bitchface who is optional -- maybe want to alter Mom's message to be more plot-focused and mention visiting the lab?

Pokemon that go out of bounds:
	Xerneas
	Aurorus
	Kokonatsu

	We need to do whatever thing we did for levitating Pokemon before so it doesn't look like they're sitting on the ground... Wait actually we never did that -- that needs to happens srsly

Names that go out of bounds:
	Crabominable
	Disarming Voice
	Silph Surfer
    Lv100 (Enemy) Charmander has the gender sign overlap with the level
    BallItem text against a trainer goes out of bounds
    Synchronize ability text is wayyyy out of bounds on party view

Sprites Issues:
    Missing Shiny Sprites:
    	755 Morelull
        766 Passimian
    	773 Silvally
    	795 Pheromosa
    	796 Xurkitree
        797 Celesteela
    	798 Kartana
        799 Guzzlord
        814 Snowslash
        816 Kyukon
    Missing Back Sprites:
        795 Pheromosa
        796 Xurkitree
        800 Necrozma
    Inverted Back Sprites:
        805 Stakataka
        806 Blacephalon
        807 Zeraora

Descriptions that change manually:
    Moves:
        Sky Drop
        Flower Shield
        Rototiller
        Magnetic Flux
        Gear Up
        Pollen Puff
        Aromatic Mist
    Abilities:
        Healer
        Flower Veil
    Items:
        Fishing Rod
        Deep Sea Scale
        Safari Ball (if it references some rando place)
        Razz Berry
        All the EV Decreasing Berries (like Pomeg Berry)
        
Other random things:
    Options menu:
        - Sound
        - Text Speed
        - Animation Speed
	generalize catch animation again
	invoke methods that need to call another method immediately after (boolean and void generally or boolean and String just for message)
	connect interface gen with override input
	create some sort of silph surboard for Silph Surfer evolution
	self switching moves require input -- currently just switching to random
	green hat sprites
	Riding up on bike on foreground tiles causes tiles to flash
	Mirror move executes multi-turn moves in a single turn
	Choose/give a TM for beating gym leaders
	Blue needs to be in the Pokemon Center after you battle him
	Make sure relearning moves works for evolve moves too
	Generalize double cast remove effects (example: Power Trick)
	Make Effect for Guts/Facade for Attack boost with status to be generic for Burned
	  -- actually maybe just status booster so can work for Quick Feet as well
	Also an effect for Magic Guard for direct damage only
	Generate Status Conditions
	Test for base evolutions don't have a move that they learn at evolution
	Test that Shedinja is genderless when it evolves and that it doesn't appear when you cancel evolution
	Zeraora pokedex image doesn't look legit -- make sure that gets handled at some point
	Make cast method final for effects and have a different method to handle additional things that need to happen so shit isn't always calling super
	Generalize activated field for single turn power multipliers (like Normalize)
	Remove mainMenuTiles (can keep some for reference inside the images folder) but def move out of tiles
		-- same with pauseViewTiles
	Berry harvest time and amounts
	Look at light screen and light clay cast thingy -- why is it not applying turns to itself?
	Change effects list for Defog and RapidSpin to only include PokemonEffect and TeamEffects
	Why is ItemSwapperEffect and SwapOpponentEffect a thing? just for generator?
	refactor RaiseCritsEffect -- apparently Focus Energy is supposed to raise by 2 and not stack with Dire Hit
	Moongeist Beam removes BreakTheMold effect at the end of the move -- can it be applied any other way?
	should movetypes be a set?
	generalize switch stat (Magic Room/Power Trick)
	healHealthFraction with message input
	active and numTurns in Effect can be private instead of protected
	make separate thingy for added methods in generator (instead of including in Field)
	BasicPanels fullMessagePanel -- Is 440 game.height - panel.height?
	TileSet getTile should use readImage in FileIO -- just check exists first
	change the names of activepokemon for out of battle effects like repelling effect and those wild pokemon encouter changer things from attacking to just like front
	NoSwapEffect for canSwapOpponent() -- Ingrain/Suction Cups (mold breaker)
	Exeggutor plant gives two exeggutor?? -- got one, battled mom, got another? also got one, saved, got another
	look at natural cure again
	MoveUseItems do not work in battle -- causes NPE
	Guard Spec. is doing Safeguard when it should be Mist -- same with Flower Veil
	Purify doesn't work correctly
	Strength Sap should fail if the target has -6 Attack
	Heal Block doesn't work right either
	rewrite Ability.evolutionAssign() to hold the ability index to remain consistent across evolutions
	False Swipe -- remove the exact same effect, not just any bracing effect
	   - same deal with Me First
	Dancer -- test with Snatch (should not activate); test with Flinched (should not activate)
	test entering a new location while medals are displaying
	Explosion doesn't kill the user when used against a Ghost type Pokemon
	Rest shows the incorrect status prevent message -- just says "...but it failed!"
	can we throw a Pokeball at a semi-invulnerable Poke?
	Bag View messages for evolution and learn moves
    Test self-switching moves from 4th index to a Pokemon with less than four moves (I think the move index isn't getting rest -- will this indexoutofboundsexception?)
    should status cure moves be apply damage effects or unique effects?
    add brick break to defog/rapid spin tests
    quick guard apparently not affected by successive decay?
    beat up power was changed
    triple kick power is supposed to be 10, 20, 30
    foul play is all wrong
    dark void should affect Insomnia and whatnot and fail for not Darkrai
    acupressure should only try to raise non-maximized stats and should fail if all maxed out
    test healing wish and snatch
    rototiller should only work if Pokemon is grounded
    power split and guard split are supposed to effect both pokemon
    okay so Mirror Move is supposed to use the last move that targeted the user, not the last move that the opponent used... what is happening I did not know this
    look at sheer cold
    conversion was changed
    look at destiny bond and successive decay
    look at Ruby sprite on Serebii
    metronome + multi-turn move is not working (Dive)
    Wallet class (CashMoneyHouse?)
    in bag view, selecting a use button should look different than inactive use buttons
    change order of move list
    moves like core enforcer don't remove the effect if attack is unsuccessful
    remove ExtraApplies field in override
    check flinch with multi turn moves -- should it always reset ready? or just for like smack down?
    write tests for effects that if you use them twice it removes the effect (Wonder Room/Power Trick)
    can selfconfusion remove itself inside totalandcompletefailure?
    Message for Trick looks terrible when one of the Pokemon isn't holding anything (switched with Bulbasaur's No Item!)
    uproar specifically checks if pp runs out to remove effect -- should that be for other similar moves too?
    should light clay/grip claw be effectreceivedeffects?
    remove effect inside subside -- then we can use it in more places
    substitute almost certainly doesn't work with form change abilities for images at least
    test life orb (with multi-strike among other things)
    fairy lock looks like it lasts indefinitely? but it should only be one turn?
    look at fling message update for white herb -- I don't think it will update the stats
    make Marcos fix the substitute failure messaging problems I don't wanna do it
    does safeguard prevent confusion?
    underground pokemon should not take damage from hail/sandstorm
    test moongeist beam and shadow shield (combos like that)
    apparently soak fails against arceus (I'm sure it's that multitype prevents having its type changed)
    does using a berry (not hold item) not count as berry consumption??
    failure things for effects should be rewritten (canHave passed in constructor, override for fail abilities or change to be on the ability having figured it all out yet)
    probably have something to automatically remove previous effect if there can only be one (ChangeAbility etc)
    move team planner out of this project entirely -- ask Marcos how to use this project ask more of a library thingy
    stuffgen test shouldn't actually overwrite
    