STUFF DAT MUST HAPPEN:
	Connect mechanics with tha GUI (Tyler/Leah)
	Battle mechanics (Leah)
	Battle AI (Jessica/Josh)
	Storyline (Jessica/Jeb)
	Data stuff (Max/Leah)
	Region Design (Jeb)
	Rendering all the things (Tyler)
	Graphics 'n stuff (Josh/Jeb)
	Save files (Jessica/Josh)
	Item things (Max)
	Eggs/Breeding
	LOTS OF UI DESIGN INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: BATTLE, POKEDEX, BAG, START MENU, POKEMON MENU, TRAINER CARD, YADA YADA YADA
	All dem UMLs (Jeb)
	Syrup (Leah/Max/Jessica/Josh/Jeb/Tyler)
	Route Traversal
	Event Triggers (Josh/Tyler)
	Story Integration
	OMG SHOPPING
	Focus Sash, wut up?
	Ziggurat Zubat Cave
	Puns (Leah/Max/Jessica/Josh/Jeb/Tyler)
	SHEDINJJJAAAAAAAA (Leah)
	Forcing a move (Leah/Tyler)
	Preserve dat bad poison (Leah)
	Failure Messages for moves (Leah)
	Strategy Guide (Leah)
	PC (Max)

OTHER THINGS
	TYLER - Switching Pokemon/Using an item needs to be able to send messages to the BattleView,
	right now you can do these things, but the health/status isn't updated, and there's no message
	saying that something happened. Also, we need small pokemonTiles.

	The player should turn in the direction you press, even if the tile is not passable.
	Can triggers take into account orientation (i.e. only trigger the water dialog when the user is facing the water)?

Am I allowed to edit this to? (Josh) - YES
MAP TILES
	Tyler - I have not seen the map editor yet, but when I was suggesting having multiple
	grass tiles, the editor should be the one to pick at random which tile to use. Also, going
	with your idea of having a two layered tile set, the only thing I can think of that would
	go on the background set would be grass tiles. Unless someone else comes up with another
	tile that would go in the background set, you could just render the default grass tile for
	the map in all locations and then draw the map as usual. Then again, to avoid all of the
	unnecessary rendering, I could just get Jeb to add grass tiles to the bottom of all tree tiles.

Storyline:
	Professor Maple is no longer introduced except for through the bitchface who is optional -- maybe want to alter Mom's message to be more plot-focused and mention visiting the lab?

Pokemon that go out of bounds:
	Xerneas
	Aurorus
	Kokonatsu

	We need to do whatever thing we did for levitating Pokemon before so it doesn't look like they're sitting on the ground... Wait actually we never did that -- that needs to happens srsly

Names that go out of bounds:
	Crabominable/Silph Surfer -- also in bag view
	Disarming Voice/Hyperspace Fury
    Lv100 (Enemy) Charmander has the gender sign overlap with the level
    pokedex gender string overflow for 87.5/12.5%

Descriptions that change manually:
    Moves:
        Sky Drop (Remove 'The target cannot attack while in the sky.')
        Flower Shield ('The Defense stat of all Grass-type Pokémon in battle' -> 'its Defense stat')
        Rototiller ('the Attack and Sp. Atk stats of Grass-type Pokémon' -> 'its Attack and Sp. Atk stats')
        Magnetic Flux ('the Defense and Sp. Def stats of ally Pokémon with the Plus or Minus Ability' -> 'its Defense and Sp. Def stats')
        Gear Up ('the Attack and Sp. Atk stats of ally Pokémon with the Plus or Minus Ability' -> 'its Attack and Sp. Atk stats')
        Pollen Puff (Remove 'If the target is an ally, it gives the ally a pollen puff that restores its HP instead.')
        Aromatic Mist ('the Sp. Def stat of an ally Pokémon' -> 'its Sp. Def stat')
        Fairy Lock (Remove 'during the last turn')
        Dynamax Cannon/Behemoth Blade/Behemoth Bash (Removed 'This move deals twice the damage if the target is Dynamaxed.')
        Snipe Shot (completely rewritten to ignore abilities and increase crits)
        Decorate ('the target's' -> 'its')
        Life Dew ('the HP of itself and its ally Pokémon in the battle' -> 'its HP')
    Abilities:
        Healer ('an ally's' -> 'its')
        Flower Veil (Remove 'Ally')
        Battery ('Ally' -> 'the')
        Power of Alchemy ('ally' -> 'enemy')
        Download ('an opposing' -> 'opposing' (more for length than for clarity))
    Items:
        Fishing Rod
        Deep Sea Scale (Added ', Chinchou, or Lanturn' -- Lanturn rules and deserves this)
        Safari Ball (If it references some rando place)
        Razz Berry
        All the EV Decreasing Berries (Ex: Pomeg Berry) (Remove 'makes it more friendly but')
        Ability Capsule (not just for two abilities)
        
Other random things:
    Options menu:
        - Sound
        - Text Speed
        - Animation Speed
	generalize catch animation again
	connect interface gen with override input
	create some sort of silph surboard for Silph Surfer evolution
	self switching moves require input -- currently just switching to random
	green hat sprites
	Riding up on bike on foreground tiles causes tiles to flash
    Rocket grunt guys look like they're standing on the wall in the top of that tom tower thing
	Mirror move executes multi-turn moves in a single turn
	Choose/give a TM for beating gym leaders
	Blue needs to be in the Pokemon Center after you battle him
	Generalize double cast remove effects (example: Power Trick)
	Test that Shedinja is genderless when it evolves and that it doesn't appear when you cancel evolution
	Remove mainMenuTiles (can keep some for reference inside the images folder) but def move out of tiles
		- same with pauseViewTiles
	Berry harvest time and amounts
	Look at light screen and light clay cast thingy -- why is it not applying turns to itself?
	should movetypes be a set?
	BasicPanels fullMessagePanel -- Is 440 game.height - panel.height?
	TileSet getTile should use readImage in FileIO -- just check exists first
	MoveUseItems do not work in battle -- causes NPE
	Heal Block doesn't work right either
	Dancer -- test with Snatch (should not activate); test with Flinched (should not activate)
	test entering a new location while medals are displaying
	Explosion doesn't kill the user when used against a Ghost type Pokemon
	Rest shows the incorrect status prevent message -- just says "...but it failed!"
	Bag View messages for evolution and learn moves
    add brick break to defog/rapid spin tests
    quick guard apparently not affected by successive decay?
    beat up power was changed
    triple kick power is supposed to be 10, 20, 30
    foul play is all wrong
    test healing wish and snatch
    okay so Mirror Move is supposed to use the last move that targeted the user, not the last move that the opponent used... what is happening I did not know this
    look at destiny bond and successive decay
    metronome + multi-turn move is not working (Dive)
    Wallet class (CashMoneyHouse?)
    change order of move list
    check flinch with multi turn moves -- should it always reset ready? or just for like smack down?
    can selfconfusion remove itself inside totalandcompletefailure?
    uproar specifically checks if pp runs out to remove effect -- should that be for other similar moves too?
    remove effect inside subside -- then we can use it in more places
    substitute almost certainly doesn't work with form change abilities for images at least (or transform etc)
    make Marcos fix the substitute failure messaging problems I don't wanna do it
    does using a berry (not hold item) not count as berry consumption??
    probably have something to automatically remove previous effect if there can only be one (ChangeAbility etc)
    should I get different sprites for Castform and Arceus and other Pokemon like that since it's partially setup now
    cancelling evolution still consumes evolution item
    is there some way to have like a FirstTriggeredCondition or something for things like items and a lot of other shit
    is there a way to just create the button transitions from the button list by using all the button locations or something like that??
    Al Bhed translation shouldn't be hardcoded -- just a flag on the area or something
        - so if you put the flag on the area then when you talk to the rival he speaks Al Bhed...
    uhhhhh so should I store the current battle on the player object???? would that just make everythinnnnggggggg better????
        - if I end up doing would definitely do the simulating check for medal case not everywhere
    should probably have tests for moves that ignore stages
    might make sense at this point to have types be their own classes (still enum like the namesies)
        - Powder moves with grass
        - lots and lots of status immunities etc
        - ghost types with trapping
    not sure if I want to do anything with new flavor text entries (but after what happened with the classifications I'm wondering if this is more important)
    I'm not sure we actually need to be replacing the names with special characters and it might be worth giving it another look (Nidoran F/M, Flabebe)
    add more things to evolution test besides abilities
    oran berry message prints before its super effective prints
    toxic boost flare boost and marvel scale should be statusboosters
    need like a 'b' button where you can click through things but can't start a new dialogue
    opponent's trace message appears before your Pokemon is even out and looks really weird
    maybe eventually have the View class have draw method as final, with setup, draw (foreground), and getButtonList/getPanelList abstract methods
    would also be nice if there was some universal message handler thing instead of each class just holding a string or whatever
    might be nice to have a recenter button in MapMaker to take to the center of the current loaded map (when you load a small map from a large one sometimes you just have no fucking idea where you are)
    something weird about Comfey's party tile and fails when trimming
    text wrapping should allow having a different startX for the first line so you can have a label in a different size (ability name and description for example)
    move as much logic as possible out of views and just have them called from in there (buy from Mart is good example)
    greyOut and highlight should also not reset every frame like skip
    should egg hatching and evolving be separate views that extend the same view class or something?
    StatGainPanel should maybe use the panel thing similar to the StatPanel
    can we have a class that holds the arrow buttons and page number and shit like that
    Pickup has Great and Ultra Balls in the list but these are no longer holdable items -- should remove and add a test that all items are holdable
    Switch button should be inactive for the current pokemon in PokemonState
    look at isInterior stuff in BattleView -- how is it ever not null??
    BasicPanels.isAnimatingMessage should be checked before the view update method is called, not inside every view update
    BasicPanels should be able to create a panel that sits on the message panel (stats, description, choices etc)
    rewrite PokefinderState since it's super ugly -- probably want to add page numbers and such as well
    pretty sure Infatuation lasts between Pokemon and it shouldn't
    apparently critical hits were nerfed in gen 6... did not know that
    burn was also changed in gen 7 to 1/16
    surf/whirlpool double damage for dive
    Stat.MAX_STAT_CHANGES should really be in Stages right?
    stage modify message should include drastically for 3+ (ex: cotton guard)
    should probably rewrite the battle message system to pass the serialized battle around instead of whatever it's currently doing with storing every individual value and such
    should snatch have a message when its used?
    should have a moldBreaker effect for attacks and abilities and only include the attack when attacking
    should also have a method that handles the mold breaker stuff instead of it being hardcoded in every single invoke method (probably in the MoldBreakerEffect class if I end up making that)
    how would something like future sight work for mold breaker
    visual test clear body with an attack that allows lowers at least two stats (will it print the fail message multiple times?)
    Hyperspace Fury can only be used by Hoopa like Dark Void Darkrai
    